OSDOCS-12691 [ROSA] New Feature: Log Forwarder (#104758)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-set-up-cloudwatch-log-group.adoc

        {
            "Sid": "CreatePutLogs",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:CreateLogStream",
                "logs:PutLogEvents"
            ],
            "Resource": "<your_log_group_arn>:*"
        },
        {
            "Sid": "DescribeLogs",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:DescribeLogGroups",
                "logs:DescribeLogStreams"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
----
+
. Attached the policy to the CloudWatch role by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ 	aws iam put-role-policy \
    --role-name CustomerLogDistribution-RH \
    --policy-name Allow-CloudWatch-Writes \
    --policy-document file://cloudwatch-policy.json
----
+
. Enable the log forwarder to send logs to your ROSA cluster. 
.. To create a new cluster for the log forwarder, run the following command:   
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create cluster --log-fwd-config="<path_to_file>.yaml"
----
+
.. To use an existing cluster, run the following command:    
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ rosa create log-forwarder -c <cluster> --log-fwd-config="<path_to_file>.yaml"
----
+

> . Configure your ROSA cluster to access logs from the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  

Author: @arendej yes, to my understanding, the log forwarder sends logs to CloudWatch or S3. The ROSA cluster can then access these logs from CloudWatch or S3. @willkutler please let me know if I am incorrect. 

I added this explanation more explicitly in the introduction, so users understand the flow before beginning the procedure. Please let me know what you think.

> . Configure your ROSA cluster to access logs from the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer: @arendej the log forwarder just sends control-plane logs from selected applications to cloudwatch or s3, it doesn't pull the logs afterward

> . Configure your ROSA cluster to access logs from the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 2: That makes sense to me, so as written the line as it is, leads me to believe it pulls the logs afterward.

> . Configure your ROSA cluster to access logs from the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Configure your ROSA cluster to forward logs to the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  
```

+
[source,yaml]
----

> cloudwatch:

Reviewer 3: The step for creating the YAML file needs to be before running the rosa cli command.

  cloudwatch_log_role_arn: "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/RosaCloudWatch"
  cloudwatch_log_group_name: "rosa-logs"
  applications: "<your chosen application>" 
  groups: "<your chosen log group>"
----

> .. For the `applications` property, you can choose any application, for example, `cluster-api`. 

Reviewer 2: yes we should specifically write all the available applications and if any or all can be selected.

+
[source,json]
----
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "CreatePutLogs",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:CreateLogStream",
                "logs:PutLogEvents"
            ],
            "Resource": "<your_log_group_arn>:*"
        },
        {
            "Sid": "DescribeLogs",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "logs:DescribeLogGroups",
                "logs:DescribeLogStreams"
            ],
            "Resource": "*"
        }
    ]
}
----
+
. Attach the policy to the CloudWatch role by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ 	aws iam put-role-policy \
    --role-name CustomerLogDistribution-RH \
    --policy-name Allow-CloudWatch-Writes \
    --policy-document file://cloudwatch-policy.json
----
+
. Configure your ROSA cluster to forward logs to the CloudWatch log group by applying the following YAML sample:  
+
[source,yaml]
----
cloudwatch:
  cloudwatch_log_role_arn: "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/RosaCloudWatch"
  cloudwatch_log_group_name: "rosa-logs"

>   applications: "<your chosen application>" 

Reviewer 3: Can you configure more than one application? If yes, then is this a YAML list? Or is only a single application allowed?

>   applications: "<your chosen application>" 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  applications:
  - "example app1"
  - "example app2"
```

Author: @seanmalloy thank you for clarifying! I just kept one "example app1" and "example group1" because we only are prompting them to choose one application and log group. Thanks!

>   groups: "<your chosen log group>"

Reviewer 3: Can you configure more than one group? If yes, then is this a YAML list? Or is only a single group allowed?
